Tablet sizing, enlarge the cameras to mobile sizing/smallest.

One for desktop, and one for mobile and tablet.

Align the pictures in the carasoul

Align pictures in the centre and align text at the bottom

Price tag must always be attached.

Price tag must always be at top right of picture

Keep padding consistent on different sizes, and remove pre and next button, keep just the dots.

Boxes must all be in allignment
at bottom of landing page

Add the sign-up bottom to the bottom below numbered how it works secton
Social media buttons should always remain same size while scaling down

at the smallest size keep them horizontal, and same size, and keep same format as desktop

Add padding to how it works box

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6654958/make-body-have-100-of-the-browser-height

Add the red pin first, and when you scroll the red pin it will highlight on the right sider listing.

When you close it on the map, it's still highlighted on right side

The dropdown boxes on search page must be same size as corresponding bos

The when box on search page doesn't close, when click away.
Airbnb range
1000+
Mask images instead of resize to square, so we cut off but keep the size

Shorter triangle on map

Just one calendar box to fit the when sizing.

Change the current date color on map

on calender*

Look into done button

Should see the chosen date range in the field
look into pressing enter to search

External recorders should be joined together

Search on top, price and sort, and listings, and map should be at the bottom

for mobile scaled devices, map causes issues when scrolling down

Padding on the search fields for mobile devices. All boxes should have some padding on the sides.

The boxes when shrinking are a bit out of spcace.

Only green box should be highlighted

 Highlighting when rolling over the listings, should only be pins on map by default, and when u click on pin turns into icon

 On right side listing should also go to detail page

The days should be same size as the Total on listing page.

The content should all fit on the full screen of the listing page similar to, the search page .

All pages except landing page should follow 100% browser height.

When clicking between insurance options, it changes size of page, and both insurance boxes should be same height and size.

When you click on Price per day field there should be pop up as shown in design about 1/30 of the price calculation instruction

When message is sent reciepient must see red notification on messages.

Look into category background gradient in safari.

The messages page should but full size 100% browser height.

Should scroll through the senders.

Make the search fields not case sensitive.

Tags field shows 3 listings ,but only displays one.

Add the number of days on the messages request page.

Create listing page not responsive.

Listing detail show page not responsive.

Actual listing page gray box font is a bit lower, must be centered.

Make remove button same size and font as rest of fonts.

User name push to left a little bit from the image.

When you make nav smaller, image of user should be same size as how it is on nav bar.
